First draft of Personal Applications (#1316)
run-ai/docs: docs/Researcher/best-practices/personal-applications.md

> # Personal Applications

Reviewer: I'm not sure we would like to promote it in this name - Maybe User Applications? not sure

This article explains the procedure to create personal applications.

> Applications are used for API integrations with Run:ai. An application contains a client secret. Using the client key you can obtain a token and use it within subsequent API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications are used for API integrations with Run:ai. An application contains a client ID and a client secret. Using the client credentials you can obtain a token and use it within subsequent API calls.
```
